feat(biome_cli): enable .editorconfig by default (#5127)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/silent-otters-relax.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

Enable `.editorconfig` by default, default value of [`formatter.useEditorconfig`](https://biomejs.dev/reference/configuration/#formatteruseeditorconfig) set to `true`.

It will follow the following rules:

> - When `biome.json` and `.editorconfig` in the same directory, formatter settings from `biome.json` take precedence.
> - If `biome.json` is not present or it exists without formatter settings, and an `.editorconfig` file exists in a directory higher up in the hierarchy, then default formatter settings should be used and the `.editorconfig` file should be ignored.

Reviewer: These are correct, but maybe I'd rephrase it a little bit for clarify to our users:

```suggestion
- Formatting settings in `biome.json` always take precedence over `.editorignore` files.
- `.editorignore` files that exist higher up in the hierarchy than a `biome.json` file are always ignored. This is to avoid loading formatting settings from someone's home directory into a project with a `biome.json` file.
- We currently don't support nested `.editorignore` files.
```

Author: done

---
"@biomejs/biome": major
---

Enable `.editorconfig` by default, default value of [`formatter.useEditorconfig`](https://biomejs.dev/reference/configuration/#formatteruseeditorconfig) set to `true`.

It will follow the following rules:

- Formatting settings in `biome.json` always take precedence over `.editorconfig` files.
- `.editorconfig` files that exist higher up in the hierarchy than a `biome.json` file are already ignored. This is to avoid loading formatting settings from someone's home directory into a project with a `biome.json` file.

> - We currently don't support nested `.editorconfig` files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Nested `.editorconfig` files aren't supported.
```
